There is a rising
concern about health problems in Europe,
the USA in emerging countries
due to carbon emissions
from a rapidly growing fleet of cars.
The problem can clearly be seen
if one considers
the enormous growth in car ownership
and car density.
Moreover,
if one looks at the concentrations of cars
in Asia, for example,
where the largest concentrations of cars
are mostly in large cities
with growth rates of more than 15%,
the seriousness of the situation
becomes clear.
The metropolitan areas in crowded
Asian countries
are suffering from an increasing pollution
load of small particles.
The smoke in China's capital,
Beijing, has become infamous
with a rise in particulates,
especially during the winter season.
From November to April,
where heating is being used.
Indian cities
such as Delhi, Mumbai and Bangalore
also suffer
from severe traffic congestion and smoke.
The danger to the health of citizens
is now well documented
and can no longer be ignored.
China already has enforced electrical
propulsion for two wheelers in cities.
Other countries will follow also.
Many second and third tier cities in India
are suffering from high pollution
due to vehicle emissions.